this sport is great in that the people
with keep the pony at the bottom of the
garden can compete against the the
Olympians and that's really good for the
sport it's lovely to be a part of that
and help the juicer a well-run event
find it very satisfying I love being
outside for one thing my my day job is
working in an office and I'm quite often
tied behind the desk for long periods of
time and this is great to be adding the
fresh air it's all so lovely to meet
people and people from all walks of life
my role is to make sure the fence judges
are in the right place when they first
go out on the course in the morning I
then sort of check on their welfare if
any of the needs sort of comfort rights
or their shorter tea and coffee
I like the camaraderie between all the
other volunteers and it's always a
can-do attitude and we work together to
ensure the event runs smoothly and
successfully and to get things done